### Sport_Data_Analysis

We have a historical [dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/heesoo37/120-years-of-olympic-history-athletes-and-results) with data about Olympic games and participants. Based on this dataset we should provide recommendations for best sport and sportsmen. We'll do some general investigations, such as percentage of participants, who got medals, their age and body metrics density, total quantity of medals.  
   
For sportsman we'll firstly investigate data, firstly checking for dependencies between males and females success. We'll be looking for dependencies between age and sport success (medals), and between body metrics, such as height and weight (converted into body mass index to be more representative). We'll get such values, as max and min, and also mean for body metrics to understand usual body constitution of male and female participants. Next, we'll assign some points (weights) to each type of medal (Gold, Silver, Bronze) and evaluate general score for each sportsmen. Based on this score we'll find the most succesfull sportsman (or sportsmen) and check his body metrics and age, whether they are in a statistically good intervals. Also we'll compare this sportsman to other participant and visualize this comparison.
   
For sports we'll check for all types of sport that took place at least once in our dataset, then for each of them we'll evaluate popularity, based on how much times this type of sport was hold during all years, how much teams participated in it during this time and how popular this sport was in last century (from 2000). Then we'll select top 10 by each popularity metric and print them to compare. Based on this comparison we'll recommend the most popular sport to Kellogg.
